# This is my Blog Post
------

### Prompt 1
My piece is intended for a politically engaged viewer, most likely on the left side of the political spectrum. Some level of political awareness is necessary to understand the “Roe Roe Roe” pun. The flags on the boat represent progressive social and political movements: Black Lives Matter, LGBTQ+ pride, intersectional feminism, and support for refugee communities. I chose these issues in particular because they are issues I care about personally and they also have been targeted by the Trump administration with regressive policies and comments. The motion of the rowboat moving forward represents the continuity of these movements and the passion underlying them, despite the efforts of the Trump administration. I used the colors red, white, and blue to represent the colors of the American flag. The “Vote” button image bounces off the screen to catch the viewer’s eye. My intention is for the viewer to drive social change through voting in a more progressive government. 

I worked in reproductive rights activism last summer and coined the “Roe Roe Roe Your Vote” phrasing for a protest against Supreme Court Justice nominee Brett Kavanaugh. While the phrase refers to abortion rights, abortion access is often tied with other progressive/liberal political movements that also factor into my personal voting decisions. As a society, we complain about policies and politicians we dislike but the US continues to have very low voting turnouts. I believe voting is necessary to create a society that aligns with my ideals and morals. 


### Prompt 2
I think other artists view their work with a sense of purpose and recognition of individual perception and experience. All 3 artists linked in ‘What is Art?’ believe their art is a representation of their selves and recognize that the viewer takes their own experiences to the interpretation of the art. I was particularly moved by Wolfgang Laib believing that the purpose behind his pollen piece is more important than his own role in it. He was so patient and precise in his art creation and you could feel the passion and intention behind his work. Both Jeff Koons and Hilary Lloyd expressed a relaxed sentiment to viewing and interpreting art, even if it took a while to get there. Koons was able to relinquish the anxiety about art being perfect and accept himself and others. I similarly worry about judgment of my work by my peers and liked his perspective. Lloyd expressed that everyone’s interpretation of art is their own and there is no obligation to find some intended meaning. 

My art is representative of my experiences and issues I care about – either for personal reasons or as an empathetic response to the experiences of other people and communities. Yet, I agree that audience members do bring their own experiences to their interpretation - perhaps they have different political views or identities. When presenting my piece to the class for a critique, one of my peers shared a fact about the history of boats as a tool of political activism. I didn’t know this, but was excited she could bring her experience learning about to history to interpret my piece in a way that was relevant to her. There is always more to learn from others, even about something I created.
